CodeCheck script message and doc update (#34693)
dotnet/aspnetcore: docs/BuildErrors.md

The `darc-int-...` feeds in NuGet.config are used only when building internally and are not needed after the tags are created. Delete all such entries in the file and retry.

## Error: Generated code is not up to date in eng/ProjectReferences.props.

> After adding or moving project you need to update the two `DotNetProjects Include` lists in `eng/Build.props`

Reviewer: This requirement is almost never hit. I'm not sure the change is worthwhile. If you feel strongly about adding something, alright but it'll need to be toned down e.g.
```suggestion
After some project additions or moves, you may need to update the two `DotNetProjects Include` lists in `eng/Build.props`
```

Author: Sounds better, thanks!
